Olwa pr (#66)
hms-networks/flexy-osisoft-connector: docs/CHANGELOG.md

# Flexy OSIsoft Changelog

## v2.3
### Major Changes

> + The connector now supports storing tags as different data types in OSIsoft with OMF

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Supported storing tags as different data types in OSIsoft with OMF
```

### Minor Changes
+ Performance improvement when the connector is establishing an initial connection
+ The connector logs out when the data queue is behind
+ The tag indexing error is fixed
+ The webpage not saving new configurations is fixed

> + The connector now accounts for the new tag indexing that includes null points on tag gaps

Reviewer: Generally changelog (as well as commit messages) should be concise and start with a verb.

Ex: Fixed tag indexing error [Rather than - The tag indexing error is fixed]

> + Performance improvement when the connector is establishing an initial connection
> + The connector logs out when the data queue is behind
> + The tag indexing error is fixed
> + The webpage not saving new configurations is fixed
> + The connector now accounts for the new tag indexing that includes null points on tag gaps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Improved performance during initial connection establishment
+ Adding logging for data queue status
+ Fixed tag indexing error
+ Fixed issue with webpage not saving configurations
+ Accounted for the new tag indexing that includes null points on tag gaps
```
